[Music]
hey lookie here ten signs that you're
more intelligent than you realize
we all have those moments we're feeling
low and start doubting our abilities it
starts back at school when you just
can't get math thumbs up if you can
relate like me and Mike come back when
you're an adult bright side has some
good news
you are way more intelligent than you
realize here is a list of signs you
might have ignored or even considered
weird that indicate a super bright mind
they are all scientifically proved so if
you feel like a few of them are true for
you you have every reason to call
yourself a genius counting down from
number 10 you realize how much you don't
know as contradictory as it may sound a
true genius easily admits how much he
still doesn't know you can be naturally
great at making words rhyme or have a
musical talent the size of a vaulting
but fail at physics more than that you
must definitely have some concepts to
explore even in your professional field
if you can honestly say I don't know
instead of mumbling
oh yeah I have an idea of how it
functions and then googling the
conversation topic like crazy it shows
you are an intelligent person this idea
is backed up by science Justin Kruger
and David Denning worked with a group of
Cornell University undergrads and
published the results in their research
in the Journal of Personality and Social
Psychology in 1999 they asked students
to predict their scores after being
tested in humor logical reasoning and
English grammar those who were 100
percent sure they did outstandingly well
ended up with worse results than those
who were more critical of themselves
number nine you wear the same clothes
every day
[Music]
have you ever noticed Mark Zuckerberg
tends to appear in public in the same
grade t-shirt all the time we don't
think he doesn't have enough money to
seek fashion advice or style up his
wardrobe a more likely explanation of
sticking to the same fashion routine is
being a genius
psychologists Oliver Berkman has done
some serious research on the lifestyle
of the brightest minds in the world he
concluded that smart people tend to save
up their mental abilities for more
important things unless those smart
people are fashion designers or Lady
Gaga of course we don't encourage you to
disregard fashion to wake up your inner
genius but this study does make sense
some genius inventions or brilliant
writings can be created during that time
you spend picking the perfect outfit for
the day so next time you see your geeky
colleague don't blame him for that gray
turtleneck is wearing everyday number
eight you can feel what others are
thinking it's not like you're psychic
but there are some signs of it do you
know that feeling when you're talking to
someone and they can't find the right
word or just postponing finishing the
sentence and you do it for them if you
do you might be a genius empathy is a
sign of exceptional mental intelligence
if you are emotionally intelligent you
love meeting new people and learning new
things according to psychologist and
author of focus the hidden drivers of
excellence daniel coleman people who
care a lot about others and can feel
them well generally succeed in life
literally feeling the pain of others
helps you understand life better so you
can excel at living it you can even
learn from the mistakes of others not
your own genius isn't it number seven
you can perfectly control yourself the
ability to control instincts is what we
know distinguishes humans from animals
genius people went even further they
managed to overcome and control any
impulses they have if you can plan and
achieve goals without being distracted
by emotions you are more intelligent
than you might
you can even avoid getting in trouble by
predicting the possible outcomes of this
or that action a group of scientists
from Yale Princeton the University of
Minnesota and other educational
institutions tested a group of people in
2008 they offered the participants of
the experiment to choose from being paid
immediately or get money later
those are preferred waiting and getting
more money later had better scores on
intelligence tests it showed that people
who are not afraid and can control their
actions including spending their money
are more intelligent than those who find
it hard to plan anything
number 6 your eyes are blue blue eyes
look deep and sincere and sometimes
piercing just think of Elsa from frozen
ah let it go will ya
there is more to them than that cold
beauty and American scientists have been
long interested in their nature many of
them believe blue eyes are a sign of
natural super intelligence professor
emeritus of the University of Louisville
Joanne Rowe has concluded light eyed
humans and even animals are way better
at activities requiring self-pacing than
the dark eyed creatures the fact that
you are better at self paced activities
means that you like paying attention to
every detail
aren't those qualities important for
work with words and numbers if you have
dark eyes it is no reason to be upset
though the same study says you are
graded things requiring an immediate
response because your reaction is super
developed plus we still have a lot of
genius signs you'll find yourself in
like this one number five you are a
chocolate lover yeah that's me
MD Franz H Messerly who is most likely a
chocolate lover himself published the
results of his study in the New England
Journal of Medicine he tried to link
genius Nobel prize-winner kind of genius
per ten million people with the amount
of chocolate consumed in certain
countries and he found it
Switzerland land of chocolate and cheese
has not surprisingly taken a very high
position in this rating Sweden Denmark
and Norway are not doing bad either even
though many people find the results of
this study very disputable we still like
to believe because we love chocolate so
much more than that
chocolate is known to stimulate your
mental activity and if you love it and
have it in healthy amounts it will not
do you any bad hey remember what Mae
West said too much of a good thing can
be wonderful I'm sure she was talking
about chocolate number four when you're
upset you know what's bothering you we
all have those days when everything
seems to upset us Coffee doesn't taste
that good
the shining Sun is annoying and if
people are asking you what's wrong you
only want to yell back at them even
genius people get upset at times a lot
in fact but they know exactly what's
bothering them it gives them an
opportunity to solve the problem and
move on yes genius people don't stick to
the past and they don't blame everyone
and everything around for their sadness
psychologist Daniel Goleman explains a
real genius does not only address
problems but also recognizes emotions
when he feels them and not ignores them
a mind free of constantly bothering
emotions and anger will more likely
generate something outstanding
number three you talk to yourself hey
you got to be kidding me
I always thought that talking to
yourself as a sign of madness not genius
it turns out it's just the opposite
psychologist Daniel swig Lee and Gary
loop young conducted a whole study on it
the good self-talk according to them
helps us sort the important thoughts
from useless stuff going through our
minds it's a way of singling out ideas
some of them might be a genius listening
to your own voice helps you understand
yourself better maybe it was speaking to
himself that helped Albert Einstein
become one of the brightest minds of all
time yes it turns out I'm Stein used to
repeat his lines to himself number two
you can't stand any background noise if
you feel like getting your noisy
neighbors a one-way ticket to Barbados
you are not super evil you are most
definitely super intelligent loud music
and drilling annoy anyone but we're
talking about stomping laughing and loud
talking kind of noise a study conducted
at the Northwestern University has
stated that a genius hates any kind of
background noise because it prevents him
from concentrating on important issues
Charles Darwin Anton Chekhov and famous
novelist Marcel Proust all tried to make
their workplace as extra soundproof and
wore ear Stoppers and number one wait
for it your handwriting is messy that's
just about everybody
next time somebody criticizes your
handwriting simply nod say I am sorry
you don't get it and triumph on the
inside
messy writing is one of the signs of a
genius the creative disorder is a
concept that was established long ago
and there is even research that claims
that it serves as kind of a fuel for
those with a creative nature the results
of this research carried out by Kathleen
Bose and her team were published in
Psychological Science Journal messy
handwriting is also one of the signs of
a creative person oh thank goodness
so did you recognize any of these signs
in yourself or maybe you are now
positive your best friend is a genius
feel free to share it in the comment
section if you want to see another video
on how to distinguish a genius from a
regular person hey you don't want to
hang out with us regular people use snob
here's a link to it if you liked this
video let us know by using the thumbs up
button if it gets 50,000 likes will
share some techniques to exercise your
mind and join the genius clan always
look on the bright side of life
you